Update Configuration.md (#7455)
facebook/jest: docs/Configuration.md

This option allows the use of a custom global setup module which exports an async function that is triggered once before all test suites. This function gets Jest's `globalConfig` object as a parameter.

> The global variables that are configured through `global` object can be read in `globalTeardown` only, you cannot get `global` in your test suites:

Reviewer: How about this wording?
```suggestion
_Note: Any global variables that are defined through `globalSetup` can only be read in `globalTeardown`. You cannot retrieve globals defined here in your test suites._

Example:
```

Author: Totally agree with that
